# Lesson 3

## Introduction

In the last lesson, you learned a lot of new PowerShell tools you can use to control the flow of your scripts. In this lesson, we are going to apply what we've learned to create a practical example. By the end of this lesson, you will have constructed a script that copies a source directory chosen by the user to a destination directory also chosen by the user. It will also offer 3 different modes that can be used for different scenarios: OverwriteAll, OverwriteNone, and OverwriteOld. You will find that this script will be much more resilient than the original one you created.

## Planning

Before writing any lines of code, it's important to spend a bit of time in the design phase. First, we identify the problem that we want to solve. We'd like to copy the entire file contents from one folder to another on the same PC. What are the features that are most important to us? Sometimes, overwriting the entire destination is desired, but I think having the *safe* options of only overwriting older files, and not overwriting anything are a huge improvement over only having one mode, and they are fairly easy to implement. In general, when writing a new application, you want to keep the initial feature list as small as possible to simplify implementation. Additional features can be added in increments later on. I strongly recommend using GitHub for developing your scripts and applications. You can learn about (GitHub Flow)[https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow] for an excellent workflow model that will keep your main branches production ready.